Changes:
- [feature][appearance] live game command supports more players on a team (for hexakill)
- [appearance] changes to series indicators on summoner cards
- [bugfix] fixed issue where users who changed their usernames could not relink to their new usernames
- [internal][bugfix] IAPI will no longer leak memory while profiling requests
- [bugfix] fixed NaN displaying on kill participation
- [bugfix] custom games no longer show as "undefined" on live game embeds
- IAPI now authenticates shards with API key and shards now connect using https
- [feature] the recent match history command now shows lane and champion played for games 6-20
- [feature] challenger region-rank numbers will now show on summoner cards
- [internal] various profiling metrics added for debugging
- [internal] config file now determines the mode of operation (production/development). the config file is set as a command line argument `--config=config.json` or `-c=config.json`
- [internal] sharding added
- [internal] websockets used for IAPI->shard messaging (with reduced traffic in the other direction)
- [feature] New command compares multiple summoners against each other:
  - `multi <region> <username 1>[,username2]...[,username10]`
  - `m <region> <username1>[,username2]...[,username10]`
  - `multi <region> <pre-game or post-game lobby chat>`
  - `m <region> <pre-game or post-game lobby chat>`
- [internal] database operations removed from discord process and moved over to IAPI.
- [admin][feature] added permissions test command `Lpermissionstest <@user>` `Lpt <@user>`
- [admin][feature] added stats command for determining which shard a server is running on `Lstats`
- [internal] maintenance loop created
- [internal] __breaking:__ new config-example.json file is not compatible with old versions of SupportBot and old versions of config-example are not compatible with new versions of SupportBot

Disciplinary
__notes:__
- the duration is set to `0` for a permanent ban
- acceptable duration modifiers are `H` for hours and `D` for days
- examples of acceptable durations: `24H`, `30D`, `0`
- uid: user id
- sid: server id
- to get the ids of users, servers, you need to enable developer mode in discord
- `Lbanuser` and `Lwarnuser` will send PMs to the user stating the duration and reason
- `Lbanserver` and `Lwarnserver` will send a message to the server and the server owner containing the duration and reason
- You cannot erase disciplinary history; everything you do will be recorded in a manner similar to audit logs. The only way to remove any note is for me to manually remove the database entry.
- All of these commands require owner-admin permissions, so non-supportbot staff people can't use these commands. (They shouldn't be able to.)
- A ban is when SupportBot stops reading the banned entity's messages.
- A warning is a reminder to the user/server to follow our rules.
- A note does not notify the user/server.
- Server Permabans may result in SupportBot auto-leaving the server.

`Lbanuser <uid> <duration> <reason>` Ban a user from using SupportBot.<br/>
`Lbanserver <sid> <duration> <reason>` Ban a server from using SupportBot.<br/>
__Example:__ `Lbanuser 109894307070083072 0 test user permaban`

`Lwarnuser <uid> <reason>` Warn a user for a ToS violation or otherwise inappropriate usage of SupportBot.<br/>
`Lwarnserver <sid> <reason>` Warn a server for a ToS violation or otherwise inappropriate usage of SupportBot.<br/>
__Example:__ `Lwarnserver 384552678161645568 test server warning`

`Lnoteuser <uid> <reason>` Make an internal note for a user. Does not notify the user.<br/>
`Lnoteserver <sid> <reason>` Makes an internal not for a server. Does not notify the server.<br/>
__Example:__ `Lnoteuser 109894307070083072 keep an eye on this guy because he spams commands`

`Luserhistory <uid>` Shows current user status AND disciplinary history AND notes for a user.<br/>
`Lserverhistory <sid>` Shows current server status AND disciplinary history AND notes for a server.<br/>
__Example:__ `Lserverhistory 384552678161645568`

`Lunbanuser <uid>` Unban an actively banned user.<br/>
`Lunbanserver <sid>` Unban an actively banned server.<br/>
__Example:__ `Lunbanuser 109894307070083072`

`Lactionreport <uid>` Shows disciplinary actions issued by any SupportBot admin.<br/>
__Example:__ `Lactionreport 109894307070083072`

We appreciate K-den#5745 (QA), WastedYourTimeReadingThis#7765 (QA) for testing this release!
